feat(Content): add editorial support (#10881)
patternfly/patternfly-react: packages/react-core/src/components/Content/examples/Content.md

```ts file="./ContentVisited.tsx"

```

### Editorial content

> Editorial styling increases the font size of body text and small text by one tier, increasing body text to large and small text to the previous body text size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Editorial styling increases the font size of body text and small text by 1 tier, where body text becomes "lg" and small text becomes "md". To applying editorial styling, use `isEditorial`.
```
Is it fair to just say small text becomes md, since we mention that body becomes lg in this example? It seems clearer, but not sure what others think

Also, would it make sense to use the sizing shorthand here?

> Editorial styling increases the font size of body text and small text by 1 tier, where body text becomes "lg" and small text becomes "md". To applying editorial styling, use `isEditorial`.

Reviewer 2: This specific description of the styling always makes me a little nervous 😅 If that changes in any way, it's something we'll need to update, and in my experience this description text often gets overlooked and out of date.
